Spiff without containers (#86)
GSA-TTS/terraform-cloudgov: spiffworkflow/README.md

# SpiffWorkflow Module

This Terraform module deploys the [SpiffWorkflow](https://github.com/sartography/spiff-arena) business process management system to cloud.gov. It includes:

- Frontend web application
- Backend API service
- Connector service for custom tasks and system integrations

## Features

- Deploy all components of SpiffWorkflow in a cloud.gov space
- Automatic configuration of network policies and routes
- Two deployment options for the backend:
  - Container-based deployment using a pre-built Docker image
  - Buildpack-based deployment from source code using local process models

## Usage

**NOTE:**

> Ensure that your space has the `public_networks_egress`security group if you are not using an egress proxy, so that the frontend can reach the backend API endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your space has the `public_networks_egress` and `trusted_local_networks_egress` security groups if you are not using an egress proxy, so that the frontend can reach the backend API endpoint.
```

`trusted_local_networks_egress` is necessary for the app to communicate with the DB. `public_networks_egress` doesn't support rds connections
